# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.3
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.10
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.6.2.post1
    # via
    #   groq
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
asgi-correlation-id==4.3.3
    # via manthanai (pyproject.toml)
attrs==24.2.0
    # via aiohttp
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via manthanai (pyproject.toml)
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
distro==1.9.0
    # via groq
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via email-validator
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via fastapi
fastapi==0.115.2
    # via manthanai (pyproject.toml)
fastapi-cli==0.0.5
    # via fastapi
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.10
    # via google-generativeai
google-api-core==2.21.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.149.0
    # via google-generativeai
google-auth==2.35.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-generativeai==0.8.3
    # via langchain-google-genai
googleapis-common-protos==1.65.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
groq==0.11.0
    # via langchain-groq
grpcio==1.67.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.67.0
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.6
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httptools==0.6.2
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   groq
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   tavily-python
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via langgraph-sdk
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via fastapi
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.3
    # via
    #   manthanai (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.2
    # via manthanai (pyproject.toml)
langchain-core==0.3.10
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-groq
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
langchain-google-genai==2.0.1
    # via manthanai (pyproject.toml)
langchain-groq==0.2.0
    # via manthanai (pyproject.toml)
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.0
    # via langchain
langgraph==0.2.38
    # via manthanai (pyproject.toml)
langgraph-checkpoint==2.0.1
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.1.33
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.1.135
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lxml==5.3.0
    # via manthanai (pyproject.toml)
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.1
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.22.0
    # via dataclasses-json
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
orjson==3.10.7
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
propcache==0.2.0
    # via yarl
proto-plus==1.24.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==5.28.2
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via google-auth
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   google-generativeai
    #   groq
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langsmith
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.5.2
    # via langchain-community
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
pyparsing==3.2.0
    # via httplib2
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   manthanai (pyproject.toml)
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   uvicorn
python-multipart==0.0.12
    # via fastapi
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   uvicorn
regex==2024.9.11
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tavily-python
    #   tiktoken
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rich==13.9.2
    # via
    #   manthanai (pyproject.toml)
    #   typer
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   groq
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.36
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.40.0
    # via
    #   asgi-correlation-id
    #   fastapi
tavily-python==0.5.0
    # via manthanai (pyproject.toml)
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.8.0
    # via tavily-python
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via google-generativeai
typer==0.12.5
    # via fastapi-cli
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   google-generativeai
    #   groq
    #   langchain-core
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.32.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-cli
uvloop==0.21.0
    # via uvicorn
watchfiles==0.24.0
    # via uvicorn
websockets==13.1
    # via uvicorn
yarl==1.15.3
    # via aiohttp
